doc: add new terms to glossary (#5726)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/glossary.rst

.. glossary::
   :sorted:

   Accessory device

>       In :ref:`ug_matter`, a network node that contains the necessary firmware to be commissioned into a thread mesh network.

Reviewer: Although we use "accessory" in some our docs, in Matter itself it's more common to use just "Matter device". Maybe we should switch to the latter, too? Also, a device is not equivalent to a node as a single device can contain multiple nodes. Should we change it to: "A physical equipment with an appropriate firmware that allows to create a single or several Matter nodes"?

Matter node can then be defiened as: "An element of a Matter network having a unique ID, network address and operational credentials"

   Cat-NB1
      Narrowband Internet of Things (NB-IoT) User Equipment (UE) category with 200 kHz UE bandwidth and a single RX antenna, specified in 3GPP Release 13.

   Certificate-Authenticated Session Establishment (CASE)

>       A method of establishing a secure session between two parties, using an authentication certificate obtained from a server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      A method of establishing a secure session between two network nodes, using operational credentials obtained by the nodes during commissioning them into the network.
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

   Clone
      A local copy of a remote Git repository obtained using the command ``git clone``.

>    Cluster

Reviewer: I wonder if we should somehow tag glossary terms with contexts they belong to (i.e. Matter and Zigbee in this case). *Cluster* can be used in other contexts as well (e.g. a cluster of servers), so it might make sense to be more precise what we're defining.

Reviewer 2: Some are already tagged as such, so if this definition applies only to Matter and Zigbee, this should be explicitly mentioned.

Reviewer 2: fixed

      A repository located downstream, relative to another repository, in the flow of information.
      See :ref:`dm_repo_types`.

   Endpoint

>       An addressable container that contains *clusters* appropriate for a single device type such as a sensor or a light bulb.

Reviewer: Add "In the context of Matter" ?

Author: And Zigbee...

   Mass Storage Device (MSD)
      Any storage device that makes it possible to store and port large amounts of data in a permanent and machine-readable fashion.

   Matter controller

>       A role within the :ref:`Matter development environment <ug_matter_configuring>` meant to interact with the Matter accessory devices using different protocols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      A role of a *Matter node* meant to initiate communication and control other nodes in a Matter network.
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

   Packet Traffic Arbitration (PTA)
      A collaborative coexistence mechanism for colocated wireless protocols.

   Password-Authenticated Session Establishment (PASE)

>       A method of establishing a secure session between two parties, using a pre-shared secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      A method of establishing a secure session between two network nodes, using a pre-shared secret.
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

   Repository
      The entire set of files and folders of which a project is composed, together with the revision history of each file.
      It is often composed of multiple branches.

>       It is also known as *Git repository*, *Git project*, or *submodule*.

Reviewer: I think `west` documentation tries not to use the term `submodule` no to mix it up with a `Git submodule` which is a bit different thing. I believe we should discuss that and choose a consistent, but non-ambiguous naming scheme.

Author: Let's verify and fix this in a separate PR, as this will require sifting through all the docs: https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/jira/browse/NCSDK-11865

   Spinel
      A general management protocol for enabling a host device to communicate with and manage co-processors, like a network co-processor (NCP) or a radio co-processor (RCP).

   Submodule

>       A different name for a *repository* managed with Git.

Reviewer: Not all git submodules are git repositories so the terms are not equivalent. *Git submodule* is a child of another git repository, managed using `git submodule ...` command family. I'm not sure it is worth defining it here as most NCS projects don't use submodules, and *west submodules* should be rather referred to as *west projects* as we discussed. But if you would like to keep the term, the definition must be narrowed-down.
